toss to launch :

@Todo:

1. How not to spin the props when the vehicle is ready to be thrown. Because right now the arm command will spin the props at minimum throttle. And we arm the drone before it is actually thrown.


Note: When we keep the dshot min value to 0.00, the motors still spin and this is quiet unusual because you would expect the motors to stop completely. We tried even on a drone with a beta flight controller and we observed the same thing. The rc controller was giving pwm < 1000. So now this make me wonder if this is something to do with the esc.

But!!! Now, there is a functionality called as motor_test, so you can use these sliders in qgc to send motor commands, basically to test them. Now when the slider is at a 0 position, the motors do not spin at all. And as the slider keeps rising,motors begin to ramp-up. Now I am not sure, should we use this functionality to ramp-up motors once the vehicle is thrown? I have no idea. 

Possible solutions:

-  define a new dhshot parameter - it could be like a boolean value, so 1 mens props spin at the min throttle and 0 means propos don't spin
- Arm the drone mid air, without having to change the dshot min throttle value. Because if the drone is not armed then props don't spin & when it does arm after it is throw, then they will continue to spin at min throttle, so now there is no need to define a new parameter. So, problem solved.

BUT: It will not be ideal arm the drone mid-air, because it may not happen all the time & may fail due to the errors like - accel bias or compass errors etc. (I have implemented the logic for arming the drone mid-air, just to see what happens, I have not tested it & not nor do I think it is the right way to do it moving forward).

2. Send the throttle command or ramp-up the props once the drone is thrown. OR, when in acro mode, do not accept any commands from the controller's control sticks.

Currently, the throttle stick is spring loaded on the  controller, so it gets auto-centered once you release the throttle stick. Below are the steps that are  currently being perfomed:
	i. Drone is disarmed in acro mode, and the throttle stick is lowered. Controller sends arm command if the rc signal is present & throttle stick is 0.  Props being to spin at their min throttle
	ii. Once the vehicle is tossed, operator releases the throttle stick, so it gets auto centered & drone is getting a continuous throttle commands which is used in executing modes like stabilize, poshold etc. So, say for instance the operator does not release the throttle stick then the drone will think that uses is asking it to go down (becaus it will be in the poshold and throttle stick controls the altitude)
	iii. But anyway after the drone is thown and throttle stick is released, vehicle uprights itself and holds its position in the pos hold command.

Ideal way of doing this:

	i. Drone is disarmed in the acro mode. And acro mode does not accept any commands from the controller sticks. So in this case the user will not have to lower the throttle stick. Once the throw is detected, only then the commands from controller begin to get accepted, this will be used is pos hold, stabilize, etc.

So I think, basically what needs to happen is that acro mode should not accept any commands from the control sticks atall.

/*************************************************************************************************************************************************/
/*************************************************************************************************************************************************/

Turtle Mode:

Ideal for implementation:

Define a boolean parameter and keep updating that in the commander.cpp, which will check if user has requested turtle mode and update the parameter accordingly. Now I guess dshot.cpp will keep tracking the change in parameter, if user requests turtle mode, then dshot reverse & dshot save commads are sent to motors in dshot.cpp and the motors are reversed when the drone is armed.

Possible issues: Right now custom_command() method  is the one that sends these commands the motors. So, will need to find a way to send the commads from somewhere else in dshot.cpp

Maybe what could be done is that in ::run(), we could keep track to see if the turtle mode has been reuqested or not, if it is, then define a new function that takes care of sending the reverse command if it has been requested and has not already been sent.
